It is evening, and the sun is about to set.
The day will soon be gone.
Let us sit here on the soft grass and look at the bright clouds in the west.
Do you think there is any rain in those little clouds?
Oh, no!
Those are not rain clouds.
See how pretty they are!
Some of the clouds are red, and some are as yellow as gold.
It is the light of the sun that makes them look so bright.
Soon they will all fade away in the blue sky.
Soon it will be night, and the moon and stars will shine for us.

See, Rosy, here is an apple tree.
It stands on a big hill.
See the apples on the tree.
Are they sweet apples, Frank?
I can not tell you, Rosy, but I think they are sweet.
Will you please get me an apple?
Yes, Rosy.
Here is a big apple for you.
Is it sweet?
Yes, Frank, it is sweet.
Oh, Rosy!
Do you see that nest in the apple tree?
Yes, yes, Frank; I do see it.
Has the nest eggs in it, Frank?
I think it has, Rosy.

A few years ago, some English officers went out to hunt.
When coming home from their day's sport, they found a little tiger kitten.
They took it with them and tied it, with a collar and chain, to the pole of their tent.
It played about, to the delight of all who saw it.
One evening, just as it was growing dark, they heard a sound that frightened them greatly.
It was the roar of a tiger.
The kitten pulled at the chain, and tried to break away.
With a sharp cry, it answered the voice outside.
All at once, a large tigress bounded into the middle of the tent.
She caught her kitten by the neck, and broke the chain which bound it.
Then turning to the door of the tent, she dashed away as suddenly as she had come.

It is spring.
I am going to the field with papa.
My papa has two nice horses.
They can run fast.
I like to ride in the wagon with my papa.
I like the horses.
Jack will let me ride him.
I feed the horses every day.
We plant wheat and corn.
Wheat gives us flour and bread.
In the spring we plant the grain.

Tom was going to visit his cousin, Hall, who lived in the city.
He took Pinky with him.
Pinky was his pet dove.
Hall was glad to see Tom.
And he was glad to see the pretty white dove with pink eyes.
Tom's letter to his papa was a very little one.
In the morning he tied it to Pinky's neck.
Then he let him fly away.
Pinky did not get lost.
He flew back to his own little house in the backyard.
Papa took off the letter.
He was glad to hear from his little boy.

This is a fine day.
The sun shines bright.
There is a good wind, and my kite flies high.
I can just see it.
The sun shines in my eyes; I will stand in the shade of this high fence.
Why, here comes my dog!
He was under the cart.
Did you see him there?
What a good time we have had!
Are you not glad that we did not go to the woods with John?

Today Manuela and Carmen cannot walk on the seashore.
They must stay at home.
There is a great storm.
The sun does not shine.
The clouds hide it.
The wind blows very hard.
See the big waves coming up on the shore.
The fishermen cannot go out in their boats.
They must stay at home, too.

May and Nan are at play.
Nan will tell little May how to make a wall with blocks.
May's blocks are not spheres.
They have a name of their own.
This name is cube.
We call a block like May's a cube.
A cube has six sides.
It stands on one of its sides.
It cannot roll.
Cubes do not grow.

Will Jones lived on a farm.
His cousin Henry came from the city to see him.
Will took him over to the farm.
They saw the horses, and the cows.
They hunted for hens' nests in the hay.
They went to the pond to see the ducks.
It was great fun to see them in the water, swimming and diving.
In the barn-yard, ten baby pigs were running all about.
The big fat pigs in the pen looked up.
They were glad to see the boys.
Henry had such a good time, all day, and he did not care to go back to the city.

Frank has three pet pigs.
The pigs are in a pen.
Nell and Fred like to go with Frank to feed the pigs.
They like to see the pigs eat.
Frank likes to feed the pigs.
He feeds the pigs three times a day.
The pigs will drink for Frank.
The pigs like Frank.
When they see him they run.
The pigs like the corn.
They are big, fat pigs.
One, two, three, four.
A pig has four feet.
A pig has two big ears, two eyes, four feet, and a little tail.

These boys and girls live near the sea.
They have been to the beach.
It is now evening, and they are going home.
John, who sits on the front seat, found some pretty shells.
They are in the basket by his side.
Ben White is driving.
He holds the lines in one hand, and his whip in the other.
Robert has his hat in his hand, and is looking at the horses.
He thinks they are very lazy; they do not trot fast.
The children are not far from home.
In a little while the sun will set, and it will be bedtime.

When winter comes, the days are short and the nights are long.
Then the cold north wind blows over the fields and woods.
It blows over the meadow and the river and the high hills.
It brings snow and ice.
It makes our hands and faces cold.
We do not like the north wind.
All children are happy when winter comes.
They like to see the snow.
They like to play on the ice.
They do not care if the north wind does make them shiver.
Those who are dressed warm do not feel the cold very much.
Sometimes the snow is so deep they can not go to school.
In the evening, they sit in the warm house and read and play.

Where do you think we are going?
We are going to the woods.
Father and Mother are going with us.
It is the autumn time now.
The nuts are ripe in the woods.
We shall get many nuts.
We have two big bags under the seat.
John likes to hold the horse.
Stand still, Billy!
Good horse!
Father and Mother will soon be here.

See May with her bird.
Her bird is in a cage.
May is near the cage.
She is looking at her bird.
Is the bird looking at May?
I see three birds in a nest.
One bird and two birds are three birds.
Here are three birds.
These birds are not in a nest.
O, no; one bird is in a tree.
Two birds are on a bench.
The bench is near the tree.
Is May's bird here?
No; May's bird is in a cage.
These are my little birds.
The little birds are in a tree.
They are singing in the tree.
Sing, little birds, sing.

Here is an apple.
It rolls like a ball.
We call it a sphere.
It grows on a tree.
Many spheres grow on trees.
Five green peas are in this pod.
Peas are little spheres.
They grow on vines.
Here are six little red spheres.
We call them curants.
They do not grow on a big tree, but on a bush.
A bush is a little tree.
These spheres are green.
They grow on vines.

Here are three boys and two girls by the big apple tree.
One boy has a yellow drum and one has a whip.
The boy in the red wagon is Frank.
The girls are glad to see Frank.
He will give them a ride.
They like to go with him to the fields and the woods.
May we ride with you, Frank?
Yes, girls, get in!
And you, too, boys!
Sit by me and see the good horse go.
Now we will go to the woods to find flowers and see the pretty birds.
In one tree you can see a nest, but you can not see the little birds.
You may see the big bird if she comes to feed the little ones.
She has a pretty home high in the tree.

Kitty and Berty are sisters.
They have been to the woods.
It is the month of May.
They have found some May flowers.
May flowers grow in the woods.
Here they come.
Little lucy is with them.
Their baskets are full.
Some flowers are pink and some are white.
These are apple blossoms.
Three blossoms are on one twig and four on the other.
There are eight bees.

